OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK.
OK OK OK OK OK
All protect themselves
their men here
Feel free to bully women
Or who said
A woman cannot beat a man
As soon as I tightened my grip, I waved it out.
Women's head strength and Dingzhen
It cannot be used as your own equipment
Our family?
I didn't want to destroy anyone's family
Just ask yourselves
Is your family really harmonious?
you to your wives
Is it really good?
What's wrong
They gave you sons and daughters
Take care of the housework for you
What did you get in exchange?
It's your beatings and scoldings
It's your disrespect
Really good
What is the meaning of marriage
It's two people supporting each other for a lifetime
Not supported by one party
Even if it is a shameful thing, I said
I will definitely change this village
So that you can all live a new life 4
You stand in front of me and protect me
Now let me protect you
I will take charge at home
Teach everyone how to protect themselves for free
Who of you is willing to learn?
tell you
Say goodbye to that crazy woman in spring, your daughter
I want to learn learn